Now let's talk about AWS Control Tower.
So it is for you an easy way to set up and govern
a secure and compliant, multi account, AWS environment
based on best practices.
So instead of doing everything manually
creating an organization and so on
and then applying security practices,
we have Control Tower where you can, with a few clicks,
creates a multi account, AWS environment.
The benefits is that you can automate the setup
of your environments in a few clicks.
You can automate ongoing policy management using guardrails.
You can detect the policy violations and remediate them.
You can monitor your compliance
through an interactive dashboard
and Control Tower is running on top of organizations.
That means that it will automatically set up organizations
for you to organize your accounts.
And it will implement STP service control policies
to make sure that the guardrails are operating effectively.
Okay, so I'll go see you in the next lecture
for a demo of Control Tower.